Change "first byte of object" for objects that have no payload (#1844)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

the subscriber's value are non-zero, the smaller of the two is used.

If the OBJECT_DELIVERY_TIMEOUT is not zero, the MOQT implementation MUST retain
the time at which the first payload byte (or the last header byte,

> if the object has no payload) of every object has been either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the time at which the last header byte of every object has been either
```

> last header byte (for objects that have no payload) of every object has been either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the time at which the first payload byte (or the last header byte,
if the object has no payload) of every object has been either
```

received from the upstream subscription, or provided by the original publisher
application.  The actual mechanism by which the timeout works depends on the
Object Forwarding Preference:

> - For subgroups, the implementation MUST check the time elapsed since the designated

Reviewer 2: may be we need to explain "designated" byte ?

>   byte of the object before attempting to pass it to the underlying transport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For subgroups, the implementation MUST check the time elapsed
  before attempting to pass it to the underlying transport
```

  transport layer, as any data buffered at this layer can no longer be timed
  out, potentially leading to transmission of expired data.
- For datagrams, the implementation MUST drop the datagrams if the time elapsed

>   since the designated byte exceeds OBJECT_DELIVERY_TIMEOUT.  Similar to subgroups,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  exceeds OBJECT_DELIVERY_TIMEOUT.  Similar to subgroups,
```

|          | `SUBGROUP_DELIVERY_TIMEOUT` | `OBJECT_DELIVERY_TIMEOUT` |
|:---------|:----------------------------|:--------------------------|

> | Timeout starts | When the FIN for the subgroup is received | When the designated byte of the object is received |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Timeout starts | When the FIN for the subgroup is received | When the last byte of the object header is received |
```
